Maybe I'm gonna say a little like intro for Chris to cut to like bring Chris on
So it's not just me mumbling and looking at my phone trying to find him. Is that should I do that? Mm-hmm
Okay, so Chris you can cut out
There we go episode 100. It's not like we've done this a hundred times before decks
We still do the thing that you do like on a Google Hangout where it's like hang on. Can you hear me kid? Are we good?
It's like every single call it will never stop
Yeah
Is Chris joining us or is he gonna be just us? I figure we start. Sorry. I forgot to tell you this
I told Chris this I figure we start just like with us talking through some stuff and then
Bring him on to do all the navel gazing after nice. Okay. We'll just make this one short short and sweet
Let's talk a cloud strike because I don't know this is a crowd strike. I made this a mistake earlier
Did I say the wrong thing? What did I say?
You said a cloud strike which I also thought it in a tweet this morning. What is it crowd crowd strike?
Okay, yes, because they've hit they've struck the crowd for sure. They have struck the crowd. Wow
This one's fun
In the way that like chaos is fun. Do you get like really excited when something really chaotic happens because I do it feels
Yeah, well one it's fun and that is so universal like we're all affected by the same thing together and I have
The same experience. That's always fun kind of like how COVID
Yeah, it was chaotic in the same way. Yeah, I shouldn't be smart. Yeah, COVID was very serious, and it's very bad
Something, but yeah, but there's something about shared chaos. That's just very enjoyable
I do have to get on a plane on Monday. So I hope maybe this all clears up
By Monday, I don't know I don't know man
It's like the computers are down as in their own even boot which means any auto update process
Can't happen even though they quote unquote fix it. Yep our computers that weren't like that didn't go down
So if the computer is down you got a boot into safe mode and then delete a bunch of files
Which has to be done manually on every single computer all these machines all over the world right now
It's just kind of wild like yeah, I know it seems it something about being where we live like on
The the very bleeding edge of the web dev whatever like just being on Twitter and just generally being pretty like
Advances and threat word but far removed from this like corporate IT world
It just feels so like oh wow this stuff still exists. It's crazy because it's most of the world
But like all these people doing like traditional IT and the nightmare or maybe it's exciting to them too
I don't know if you're like an IT staff guy like works the airport
Are you like excited right now is this like every day is so boring and then finally it's like whoa lots to do
This is gonna be good. Yeah, I wonder because it's also your chance to
Basically save everything and fix everything so you can like just do nothing for the next year cuz everyone's like
IT is really useful but like also that you just get blamed because people don't really understand what's happening
Yeah, it is weird. I'm just imagining just so one thing like at an airport
Okay, you got to go presumably like they have IT teams you have to go and update every single physical machine
Which is pain in the ass. Yeah, but the whole world is so remote now like all the end user
Laptops that are like in people's houses cuz they're where they work home. Mm-hmm
They maybe don't even work anywhere remotely close to tech and like having to can you imagine them talking through it on the phone?
Like trying to explain to Sally and accounting that works from home in Wisconsin like okay. We're gonna go into safe mode
Hang on stop. Are we talking about on my laptop?
And it's all these big companies these giant companies have
Internal help tests. It's almost like a it's almost like customer support was for inside your company
So you like call them like you're calling an external company and then they walk you through it
And so that's gonna get flooded and apply take forever to get through but then what about like
medium-sized companies that
Where it's like more chaotic. Yeah, I guess it's like I wasn't gonna create weeks of problems
Oh, it's gonna be yeah economic prop like impact is it's gonna be a long tail of all this
I'm hoping like flights. They're just such a sensitive thing
I'm hoping like the ripple effect settles down over the next few days selfishly because literally like Monday
I'm gonna be going into an airport and if this gets worse and like the cascading effect
I don't know like it might it might all the cancellations create this crazy disruption that just
Obviously snowballs, so I don't know we'll see that that sucks to be I just got back
I just was on a flight like I dodged this there's all these people in Seattle right now at the hero summit that we're flying out today
Oh, sorry guys that sucks. I'm glad I left really planes. I went down few planes that exploded in mid-air
Yeah, it's just it's just so funny cuz all of these companies are so
annoying about
Security and compliance and like like doing anything at these companies is impossible and like they install antivirus on like
Everything including like server. It's just like really crazy how annoying they are about this stuff
But they like because of their annoying this they create this
crazy central point of failure which wouldn't exist otherwise and it creates this like massive thing so yeah
Yeah, it's just it's a classic thing like chasing perfect stability ends up exposing you like you do like a black
Swan thing. I already sought to let tweet this morning. Oh, really?
Like yeah, it's basically just like all his work just
Codified into like a single single thing. Yeah, I don't want to get distracted and look it up
Can you just tell me kind of what he said? No, I think he just look at just a quick comment on like yeah
It's like the fragility of deprivation or something. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, it does make you realize like I feel in my personal life sometimes like I've got things that are to house the cards
The like it's just all very fragile with my whatever my work set up or my yeah, likewise just different stuff
Yeah, but then you realize like on a global scale how easy it would be for these kind of events
It's actually surprising. They don't happen more often like just the whole open source meme like the little little like peg
That's holding up the giant stone right sculpture. I'm surprised. We don't see more
Like negative effects of the realities of open source because the whole world's both on top of it at this point
Yeah
It's surprising how competent people are like, you know how there's always this is a commitment to sound really random
there is a lot of
fiction content about
People piloting giant robots. Mm-hmm. Right like you've seen this before like Pacific Rim or like any of the anime things
And then like in these things you see like the robots get hit and damage and stuff and I'm like
I'm pretty sure of one wire gets removed like the whole thing doesn't work right like isn't that how yeah
Like if I remove one thing from my computer the whole thing doesn't work
So how do you even build something like that huh?
And I think about like data centers and stuff and it's like are there really no singular wires
It's a monkey just like trip on like pull that just shuts off the whole thing like every single thing is redundant redundant or like
You know like that cell thing. We're like yeah, maybe stuff entirely goes down
But it's like a small unit in the larger. Yeah, it's really wild to imagine stuff like that
I think you compare it to our bodies, which are so different. You can literally lop off someone's arm and they could be fine
Yeah, you can have it. It doesn't really work properly and it's like so different than anything
Technical that we build it's like so much more resilient. Yeah, I make some realize like it's like a totally different thing
Yeah
Wow, it's so different. I do feel like I mean I just came from an AWS hero summit
So I've been drinking the AWS clue a pretty hard
I do feel like modern cloud stuff has done a good job with redundancy and with resiliency like it's really amazing
It really is like how much I mean we joke about USC one going down and that can create real issues for businesses and it does and it has
But largely the multi-region just a crazy
Infrastructure that AWS has built this point. It's pretty resilient for I mean
I'm a big fan. I don't know. I build everything on it
So it's hard for me to have an unbiased opinion, but like that we have these tools in 2024 feels pretty good
Yeah, and it's it's I think it's interesting that the big like they're able to maintain that despite growing more and more and more
Like you think of any startup that people have worked at
Experiencing hypergrowth like everything just starts like unfastened and like
Yeah, loosen and like things are really chaotic and kind of broken you might go from really polished
Customer support experience like much shittier customer support experience cuz like everything's on fire
So like they're growing at a pace at a crazy scale
but
Things are relatively like kind of stable for yeah, the end user like of course
I still like downtime or whatever, but the scale they're operating at it is kind of wild and you look at
some like next gen competitors like fly who have struggled a lot more like they're
Operating a much smaller scale, but I've had like much worse. Yeah, reliability issues and and things like that
So yeah, it is wild that like every single day there's a chance for it to completely go wrong and like on most days
It doesn't yeah
Yeah, so it's a I don't know. This is so far removed from that like I mean
Just this situation is just a reminder that like
Most of the world is operating off cloud or most of the world is operating on these like very traditional IT practices
I guess I don't know they might be using cloud stuff, but like they all just have big fleets of Windows machines and
They install stuff on it probably in traditional ways and then stuff can go wrong
I guess this situation with CrowdStrike was it was like an over-the-air update kind of thing, right?
These are connected systems that just got some update that
Just borked everything. I've looked at like a little bit of the technical details
We're just kind of understood what's happening and I thought like this is actually a tangent. I've considered like doing TikTok stuff
Where I just tried to explain because I live in the Ozarks like I talked to a lot of non-technical people most everyone I interact with
Here in the Ozarks is non-technical and I feel like I've developed the ability to speak to
Non-technical people about technical things and I thought about like doing TikToks where I try to like break down events that happen where there's IT stuff or
Technology developer stuff involved that are in the pop culture and like try to explain it
And with this one, I just don't know if there's an interesting thing
Like this is the first event that's come up since I thought I might do that where I'm like, hey
The world is thinking about technology. I could talk about this and I'm like, I don't know
Is it really anything interesting to describe to a normie like you just have to get into the weeds
I think so. I mean people might literally think that this is like a hack, you know, that's true thing is like it's so I
Can see how if you don't know anything about this world it feels so like an intentional hack is like
Everything is down that it feels like how can everything be down. Yeah, it's kind of interesting to learn that. It's actually just due to an accident. Yeah, which is
Yeah, that's the point to imagine that accident can create this big of an impact. Hang on. I'm gonna make you TikTok. Bear back
I just realized I have funny stories from when I did IT work
Like I used to work in an office before I got my first real programming job
I was doing like normal networking and IT stuff like managing active directory and all this nonsense at like a little office with like
25 employees and
I joke about Sally and accounting there really was a lady in accounting that did some of the most hilarious like
Just its stories from the IT front lines that you just can you can hardly believe but she one day she came in and said
That her computer ate her
The disc she was trying to put it like some kind of CD
Rom kind of like software disc, but it ate it. I was like, what do you mean? What do you mean it ate it?
Like she's like it won't it's not there like it ate it. She's stuck it between the two drives
Like there's a gap between it's like she didn't open the drive and put the disc in she like shoved it through into the computer case
Yeah, so it really did eat it. It's just like they will do any and everything. We're able to get it out
Yeah, I had to like open up the case
Dig out the CD round there or disc
So people are not smart about computers. Well, it's funny cuz I think we can all
Relate to that to some degree cuz I think the underlying thing is you're directly using this thing every day for your work
but you have no idea how it's working under the hood at all that's the most basic degree and that feels really weird like how can
How can you operate like that? Aren't you confused or curious but then you think about?
Being in a big building. You're not like I understand exactly how this floor is being suspended, you know a hundred feet off
You never even think about it. So it's probably how people feel about computers
I mean, there's lots of stuff in software that I would say is true like that for me
Like just things that I just assume they were if you go lower level
Yeah, and I just don't consider that at all
Yeah
But I think you can probably like guess how they work or like you don't know the technical details like it's yeah
Because it things work the same way no matter how
What level is that you're in it's like maybe simpler, but yeah, hopefully the rules are the same
But yeah, we just assume that things are gonna work and it's only the bill and building collapses, you know
Why am I laughing at buildings clapping?
You say like horrible things and I'm like
Haven't told you this annoying thing. Do you remember that building collapse in surfside floor in Miami here?
No, yeah, there's a good there's this recent a couple years ago. It was funny
I was on a plane when it happened going to Miami flying over it
It there's a building by the beach that collapsed like a hundred percent collapsed. We just went down to a lot of people died
And it was it was pretty horrific
and this has happened a bunch of times in
Miami, there's just like a weird dynamic with
People cutting corners and the difficulty of building stuff in like a very salty environment on the beach and stuff
But it was so horrifying that it triggered inspections like around the
world like literally all these buildings were like oh shit like we got to check our stuff and
Our apartment in New York the building was like okay. We had doing inspection
They didn't inspection and it's now my monthly bill was in my monthly like maintenance fee got increased by like two or three hundred bucks
Because they were like some of these balconies have like a little bit of concrete where some of the concrete like maybe you could like
Fall on like someone walking by and I was like
God damn it like now I'm paying more money because of this random building that fell down in wow in Miami
So again another example of how interconnected everything is yeah, it's entropy. It's it's a we talked
But it should be a little bit last time, right? Yeah. Yeah, it's a the boys
I want to know that they don't want to stay together. They want to yeah, everything's moving towards all part chaos
Yeah, yeah, it is kind of a wonder but
We don't have more giant events that shake our foundations
I mean, this is like one of those kind of things where it's like
I don't we have no idea what the ramifications are gonna be I feel like
The the global GDP and fact or whatever is probably insane
Yeah, it's wild like if you're at one of these companies you are not working today, right?
And that's like so many companies
Yeah, I know this is a reminder to that Windows has this crazy like footprint in
The enterprise or whatever and it's kind of always gonna be there. I still just feel like most of that is fake
I just feel like most of the economy is fake
Like all these people that are sitting around the office like laughing about how they got a blue screen and they don't have to work today
I don't know. Are we really gonna notice what they didn't do today? Probably not
No, I think I think that is largely true
it's just that all this like security and like spyware stuff that these companies install it's so funny to me because
So these the latest M3 MacBook Pro like part of the one of the fastest machines you can get
That exists period you take one of those and put it in a corporate environment and they install all their stuff on it
It literally becomes the slowest machine you have ever used. It's crazy. How like like horribly
Intrusive and performance impacting these yeah, these things are like it it is
impossible to work on this stuff and
Yeah, you know working on SST
We're like so obsessed with the back loops like we got to make sure we change our code like stuff was reflected
and like if you have to restart something that really sucks and like we like it's it's like such a focus and then we talked to
some of these like giant enterprisey companies that are using
SST and they like don't even use live lambda because they're like
That doesn't even make sense for them. They're like, oh, no when we make a change
We just push it to an environment and someone else like checks to see if it works
Yeah, and that's a feedback loop. It's a good several day feedback loop for every code change. There is no like a local development
It's just like it's it's really wild how different a lot of the world will operate and for me
I'm just like if I don't if I can't get a feedback cycle and like an under one second. It's like unusable. Yeah
It's nuts
Yeah, the tiny team thing I think like the contrast between
These giant companies and what I know little tiny teams can do today is also brought to mind just I
Mean like that situation you just described. I just can't even imagine working in a
Working for most of the day. Yeah, which is kind of awesome if you don't want to work at all. Well, yeah, I guess there's that
It probably used to suck when you had to be in the office because then you don't have any work to do all day
You're sitting at your desk being like, oh, yeah, yeah, what do you do home and you can do whatever you want?
And this is like this is like wow what a it's like a snow day. We've gotten to as a species. Yeah, it's a good snow day every day for them
I just if the hero summit sitting around like at a table with a bunch of other heroes talking about
Their work or consulting or whatever
It was interesting to hear the contrast like so few people work
With or on little tiny teams and it's just the vast majority of people
They're used to oh, it's a different person that deploys your infrastructure
It's an ops team or whatever and you're just a little programmer and you write the application code and I that's just so foreign to me
It just seems so bizarre that everyone doesn't know
It's just better if like one person does all of it or like three people do all of it
Like that just seems objectively better to me and it's very hard to imagine a scenario where like I'd want to be in an environment like that
And we run to this problem at SST because we will never sell
DevOps person because we're really taking away their job. We're saying like stop doing your job and get your responsibility as someone else
So like no like bigger companies are very resistant to something like this
It's okay if the only way it can work is if the application developer finds SST on their own
And they like start to do stuff and realize they can do this stuff and at that point
It's bottom up and there's really no stopping it
But like yeah, you're never
Like these teams want to stay the status quo to say the same
Yeah, like, you know, that's that's how the jobs are allocated
Yeah, it is really weird, but I'm reminded that like there is a place for giant. No, there is like teams
Yeah, like SST you guys the three of you couldn't make AWS like there's just like no
We couldn't there's problems that can't be solved with small teams
And maybe AWS is really onto something with their little two pizza team thing like they do have small teams within the broader organization
So they can all kind of like can be smaller though. I think every company can be smaller. Yeah, sure
uh
I think yeah, it's funny like the counter to this. I think
The small team thing is um, there's so much focus on building tools for other SaaS companies like other companies like building SaaS products
Like yeah, almost all the dev tools stuff focuses there, but that's that's like a really stupid market
and it's like
It's so speculative like most of it doesn't work out like it's being impacted a lot right now with
I don't know. It's just such like a fringe market
And then you think and I look at some of our ST users like some of the bigger ones and they're just like
Not related to SaaS at all like yeah, people keep building these SaaS starter kits to build more SaaS
but like most of the audience is like
some random insurance company some like mid-size insurance company in the mid-west like they're using SSC to
do their infrastructure and like
Yeah, they're just like not in this world at all and they're tied to like a physical
Real-world need that's not going to shift so violently when when stuff changes
So yeah, the money you get from serving those customers is like is is like much more stable and better
There's been murmurs of I mean you've talked about on twitter just the the zerp era the the long tail effects
It's like this whole dev tool space is sort of like trailing behind but
Feels very much like it's all built on a house cards. That's gonna collapse. Yeah, I got I got some confirmation that
The theory that a lot of these like dev tool companies that have raised a bunch of money
It's kind of painfully obvious on the outside that yeah, they're doing
They're just getting like casual hobby users
Yeah, and even even if you include those the numbers don't look that great in terms of adoption
Yeah, but you imagine okay, maybe you're wrong and like there's actually is like
Better traction than you think but there isn't like it is as simple as I've gotten some confirmation from a few internal company numbers that
They're having a very hard time converting this group because it's very early stage
Engineers that are like at the top of their funnel. They don't they're not really making a big decision on like
Yeah, actually buying this product for a meaningful company
If only 1% of your users actually fall into this monetizable bucket like you have to be so so so big to justify all this and it just
Yeah, it's just not happening. Yeah, I I saw someone tweet. It's like a notable
We'll say email startup that tweeted like they're statistics for deliverability and how they beat their competitors and it just cracks me up
Because they're literally it's just ses. You're just like quoting ses numbers
You're quoting the ses deliverability numbers like you don't need to exist people
Like all these like third layer. I call it third layer. I don't know. It's not actually that's made up
But like this next level of abstraction on top of cloud that just feels so
Unnecessary to me. It just feels like
There's so many startups now that have wrapped a few AWS services and I used to think that was a good idea
I no longer believe that's a good idea. It just feels like
Those startups are going to be the first to go when it all crumbles. I don't know
There's no point anonymizing them if you're going to say
Start up built a ton of ses like it's you're talking about recent like everybody knows
Well, so what was funny about them is they also released like their handbook
Which is like is it how we build companies and think about customers and didn't whatever
This is like one of the most the biggest signals of like, oh, this is the first time founder
You start to do these like company things where you're like, this is how we build stuff and
Oh, this is how we think and this is our philosophy and everything
What's interesting about that stuff is if you hit it out of the park people are going to look back on that and be like
Wow, that's amazing. Like look at all this stuff and like whatever
And if you don't which you likely won't it's going to be really embarrassing because you're like
Why were they acting like such a real company when they like we're not anywhere close to pride market fit?
And I think once you get experience you're like
Okay, I want to make sure that I'm never going to look back on it and be like I was such a
Stupid idiot like I was so naive. Yeah, because I know I've done stuff like that and oh, yes
Acting like a company thing. Um, yeah, and I'm a first-time fan
I feel like I'll never not be a first-time fan or because I'll probably never have another startup
Like we've had a startup going for 10 years
But I'm still a first-time founder is just over 10 years
I guess you start to like learn some things. Yeah, see previous versions of yourself, uh, and it's really embarrassing
Hey, could you could you now go into the thing?
It's been shelved in my brain like I get stashed. It's it's funny because like we keep it out
There's like build up. I was just stupid comment. Oh, okay
I was gonna say I kept imagining this hero summit thing
I've like and like the image I got was like all of you like around a big round table and some kind of like
Big like fancy like it kind of it was like futuristic and modern but has like throwback to like the roman empire
So like that kind of like vibe. Uh-huh and then I imagine just like
breaking through the ceiling in like a spaceship and being like just like
I don't know. Just kind of like villain situation around like laughing people. Yeah
Uh, it had to be a pretty big table. There were 190 of us. So I mean that is a lot. Wow
So many heroes it was a lot it was surprising to see us in a room like there's a lot of them
Yeah, and they all went yeah, and there's people I know in the heroes program
Like have met at reinvent spent time with enjoy and didn't even get to see them
We all went to Seattle. They were there and there's like a handful of people. I'm like I didn't even see
I'm like I say names, but like literally just it was that many people and there's just that little time
I guess that's another topic, but no, you know what they say if everyone's a hero. No one's a hero. That's true
It's true
No heroes. Let's let's uh is it time to bring chris on? I feel like we're budgeting here an hour. Yeah
It is episode 100 and I don't know. I've made a big deal of it. I'm trying not to be weird and make a big deal of it
You're being weird. It's a big deal. Well, I've not been weird because I'm holding back
You should have seen like things I could have done like this is me being normal
So we're gonna have chris on just uh, I don't actually know what we're gonna do
I've thrown out some ideas and to be honest
He's probably asked me some questions that I didn't answer
Uh, but he's gonna come on and we're gonna do a little I don't know a little episode 100 look back if you will
While we're waiting for chris just a reminder this episode is brought to you by terminal coffee
Go buy coffee ssh terminal dot shop. Did you see our tweets from the account this morning? Yeah, they're so good
That was so fun. I love having this as a thing that we do. It's just so funny to watch like when you're like
Okay, need good ideas
Go and it's just like a hundred good ideas
Chris is here. Hello. What's up, chris how much what's up with you guys?
Wow, chris's mic sounds so good not much. Uh, this is this is long overdue. His mic sounds so good
Is that he said he's a professional? He's a professional. Yeah, we're not professional
$60,000 worth of equipment out of my thinking
I have one microphone. This is a little bit about 10 years ago
and you can you can't play silver like junk on the floor the one Ted lasso poster
That's like my office is being torn apart right now. So
That's awesome. I have so many questions now like about Ted lasso, but i'm not gonna do that just yet
Uh the other podcast
I was just telling you I was just telling dax that I don't actually know what we're gonna pull off here
Because you probably like asked me questions and I didn't answer them or something
Like I just kind of threw some stuff at you
Either way I wanted to have you on if we do nothing if we just like talk
This is just kind of a moment where you've now edited a hundred episodes of ours
You've had to listen to us so much more than any other person really
There's no way anyone else is listening every minute. Oh, I thought you meant more than any other person in my life that i've listened to
Oh, no, no
I'm not trying to say that just that like nobody has heard me in dax talk. Well, I was doing the math. I mean
Yeah. Oh, yeah, what's the mask? It's possible
It's possible you i've listened to you more than i've listened to my wife, but
I hope not
I'm so sorry
At least you pay me to listen to the episodes pretty quickly
Like what's your process? Do you like listen to it on 2x speed like yeah, generally like especially audio only podcasts
It's like 2x
And then scrubbing through obviously and jumping back and forth like river side is either really good or sometimes bad
It's like lining things up even though it's you know local recordings and all that kind of stuff
And so with your guys's show it's generally there's like the odd noises or cough or whatever they cut out
But generally it's like shifting things just so that when adam tells a bad joke and dax laugh 30 seconds later
Slightly better
Awkward delay
So it's like fixing that kind of stuff or I was collecting some of the clips and like are just looking listening to some of the random stuff and like
They're running meta commentary on like you guys saying chris cut this out and then I include it
Always and then I was like I think we need like a safe word where it's like no actually really this part
No, no, no, no, we don't we don't
Just it just never never listen to Adam ever about that
Oh
What if i'm like i'm gonna get fired if this makes it in the podcast, please
Please don't how about that? That's a safe word if I say i'm gonna get fired
No, but then you're gonna be
Just like there's clips of you like saying you're dying and like
It's true. There's not a lot. There's not a lot on this podcast
Going back. I kind of forgotten
I was like almost like we need to tell it like if back in the old days of podcast
And they used to be like fans who'd make like wikipedia pages for a podcast like over that hardcore
And there'd be there'd be like a running tally of like how many times adam has died and then a reference to the time code
Sadly we lost that to the yeah
But we we did stuff like that. I know I just feel bad that we don't have a wikipedia page. I really wish we did so
Full on wikipedia. I think you meant like a private wiki not like
Maybe one day maybe some day another hundred episodes. We'll see your confidence is always inspiring
Like when I said in like 20 minutes we could bring you on and then it was like an hour. Yeah like that
I'm so sorry
I didn't even say like chris is our editor chris edits our podcasts
And other podcasts lots of podcasts actually if you're doing a podcast
If you listen anything in tech you probably are listening to yeah, you've probably listened to his edits something that chris's fingers have been on
Yeah, definitely
So did chris did you actually like it was there something we were gonna do like did you have
You said you you looked through clips. Did you actually find any or are you even able to play them over the podcast here?
Well, I mean you did ask me to do that. So I I did. Oh wow, that's how this works
I don't know that's funny
It's it's a it is a funny dynamic. I was reflecting on this with a friend
This sounds like I'm being like passive aggressive like, you know complaining, but I was like, yeah
Yeah, yeah, they were like eight o'clock my time. Whatever like eight thirty. Uh, we're still waiting or whatever
And then and I was like, but it is this odd dynamic of like I'm you're my client
So like I can't just like be like hey assholes. You said 80 o'clock. I'm not showing up and then you're like, okay
I guess we'll go find a new editor
We have all the power
It is a funny dynamic experience a little bit over but it's yeah anyways
Can I just ask you a question while you're trying to favor this out chris
It's a hundred episodes a lot. Have we like reached an actual milestone?
I feel like this is a lot. We've done like a lot of episodes
It is like a big milestone and it's definitely
Like it's it's one of those things like chris coir or one shop duck show often will be like
It's just kind of fun like round numbers. Whatever it means like 100 500 250
They're just kind of fun milestones, but obviously it's really meaningless in the big picture. I know it's arbitrary
So many podcasts don't make it past 10. So it's kind of like that's the like first marker
Like you've done, you know, whatever the comparison would be to a marathon or I don't know whatever I don't exercise so
I was gonna come on and make a joke about I've done my uh, my ice bath and my sauna. Yeah
Okay, yeah, I just realized that some of my lights aren't on. You know that kind of stuff bothers me a lot
Like a lot
But you were like looking at a ghost
No, it's just noticing all four of them are often unbothered. Yeah, okay. Let's see if this works
Can you you can see look at this doing work? It looks don't don't be so impressive. It's not like I did that much
It was just 16 hours of work
I think Adam said he's like you can do two hours and we're paying you five bucks
Get it done. I'll find someone overseas, chris. You better
Better figure it out
You get it. That's joke. Actually, you are overseas. You're in Canada, right? I mean
I don't
Over the lake ery or something
Man, I'm surrounded by so many Canadians. Oh, it's true. They're everywhere in florida. Oh, yeah
Florida, especially so many well it used to be like the that was my grandparents were like, yeah
We always go to florida. That's where we go in the winter
But uh, it's kind of tapered off a bit like we started going to mexico now
I think is the how we say we we've gotten richer we can for the flight past because usually the drive down to florida or it's cheaper
Wait, we're we're in Canada. I'm in Saskatchewan is the province. So like the rectangle one right in the middle
Where should I say my city? Yeah, yeah, don't you go ahead and edit that out. Yeah, would you please cut that out?
Now you can't
Docs you. Yeah, sorry
There really are a lot of Canadians in tech like I feel like
The tech community my whole business Canadian. Oh, that's actually a ghost is a good segue. This is a good thing
It's creepy man yesterday
Liz went to the bathroom
And then she went back to the bathroom a minute later to get something and she was like the toilet seats up all the way
There's no way that I would have left it up. So that must have been a ghost
Okay, it's a ghost update
I totally forgot about that
I literally have no memory of that outside of listening to that. That's really funny
Like all this stuff because you just like cavalies memories that you would have found otherwise. Yeah, I mean, I don't think we've seen the ghost again
But still, you know, obviously liz could not have left the toilet seat up that could not have been hurt. It's impossible
So it must have been a one-time ghost does your dog zuko? Does he go into the toilet for water? Oh?
No, can he lift it up with his nose and take a drink?
Our cats like doing this crazy maneuver where they like
Strouded the toilet and then try to drink and then they drink from it, which is very annoying
Uh, but no none of them can love the toilet. So no, I got another follow just wait
Maybe you're gonna ask this Adam because I just let me play the clip
Is that a list thing? Let's just say that's a list thing. No, it's not. You know, it's like it's explicitly not a list thing
Uh, these are two cats. I had with my previous girlfriend
That's I retained
Well, now you definitely need to get rid of them
No good reason to have cats especially now to tie to a previous relationship. Well, what am I gonna do?
Kill them
Cats just like they wander around just like don't let them back in the house. They're not
Never been outdoors really they're indoor cats
Was like eating that's classic if I was just eating and had a cold
What's really funny is
Without any context Adam sounds like a horrible person. I do. I don't even with context really
Just leave the cats outside. Yeah
Oh wow, that's really
Can't tell you're joking at all. Yeah, it didn't sound very jokey. I did so I was eating eating something
You said and you had a cold yeah
I have the podcast episodes you get on. I'm like, are you okay?
Are you not usually not? Yeah, that's what I had a note on that one who's like
Adam has a cold and I feel like Adam is the one who gets sick more often decks
Which is funny because Adam is perceived to be like this hyper vigilant
Yeah, you know cold plunge dude
That's where he gets a cold front
But I know as a parent I know it's kids because they're like this this awful vector
I'm assuming cats and dogs don't bring sickness to humans the same way that kids managed. Oh, yeah kids
It's crazy. I've got three kids at camp this week that I'm picking up today
And I know I'm gonna be deathly ill on Sunday. So yeah, you can just predict my case thing
I talk about all the time. It's like uh, he's been playing all day with the kids like well
Let's just get ready. Everyone's getting sick in like three days
It does get better like my kids are older than yours
And so they do learn how to like wash their hands or it's nice. You know, the people snotted whatever they do
I've seen things. Let's see things like that. Oh, okay. This is one. I wanted to ask you about okay episode 66
We're going back to uh, I don't have the date put it ever
13,000 tweets or 13,000 views on this tweet. Do you know what it might be?
Adam's tweet. Is it a coffee one? Not the coffee. Oh, I forgot what the coffee one
They're using coffee wrong one. No, it's not that one. That was like an early one. That was really bad
Anyway, okay
It's funny. You should be saying this out of the photo. You posted yesterday
All right, close on
There's a lot of implication is all
What is that? I don't know what that means. Okay. Here's the thing. It was drying off of the towel
But it was like a sexy photo because like you knew you were naked but it was okay
Here's the thing
The implication of being naked is more sexual than being naked
But it wasn't an implication of being naked because I'm very clearly clothed
Do you have a photo?
I have like a a speedo on okay. It didn't look like you had any clothes on you were just like
You didn't think I had anything on but even a speedo Adam is like the implication of being naked
No, I just that's how I get myself. I get it, but like you get what I mean, right like the implication of being naked. I see
Yeah, it's funny that I'm trying to defend that I was clothed when I was wearing a speedo
Like I really hammered that I had clothes on
Why would you think I'm naked in a speedo?
Oh my word
As funny as I was listening to the clip of that like the audio and I was like I forgot what the tweet was the picture
And then I look a little picture. I'm like what how did you just look took
I feel like this is what listeners may be it. Maybe it may be just me
But like listeners might be wondering like there's like naive adam sometimes on the show
Is that a character or is that legit?
I don't I look at that picture. I'm like there's no way you didn't know you're like googled
How do I post thirst trap after ice plunge and they're like, this is the picture
And then you come on the podcast you're like
That's full of shit. I
Don't think it's a character. I mean, I don't think I'm like pretending to be naive
I think I am very naive in that particular instance
I think I was just hung up on him calling me naked like that I was completely naked and I wasn't naked to be fair
My points like the point one that you yet no in retrospect. I get the point I do
I don't know why I went through that era. I did go through an era of posting a lot of like
Body photos and I don't know that it's kind of embarrassing now for some reason that it wasn't embarrassing then and now it's embarrassing
I don't know something changed. I've grown. That's all
Scrolling it was fantastic and the whole world is glad you went through that phase. Okay. I know he's upset about that
It is funny when I was looking at the tweet now. I don't know if you I'm sure you you've gone back every month or so to see if there's
Every like there's like there's three replies. I think that it was shown and then everything after that was like possible spams possible
Whatever and they weren't like anything bad. It wasn't like people were like actually saying stuff
I was just like even Twitter algorithm knew it was like this is a first trap
We might get some nasty
I gotta say about the thirst trap thing and that this is not me being naive
I posted a photo of just I was wearing a new rash guard I got for jiu-jitsu and people there were several people that were like
Just like this is a subtle thirst trap
Can I can you be fit and post a photo yourself and it not be a thirst trap? Like I'm just I'm in good shape
It's fine. Like if I post a photo of me. Is it always a thirst trap? Just because I'm in good shape. Is that it?
I did laugh really hard at milky's comment on that one when he was like chadam who was his content for?
I don't like to me. It's just like it's a cool looking rash guard. I don't know. I think if you're like
uh without context it comes off like tech tweet tech tweet astra is great and then like here's my chest
And like I hate tailwind or whatever like so if you're like muscle dude
Instagram influencer dude like nobody would be like oh thirst trap but like yeah
context is everything
Yeah, I just want to be myself. I just want to be a whole person. This is what uh joe hook says
It's okay to be a whole person and I'm I never think about like
I don't know filtering to like a certain group of people that care about certain things
I just like I want to say what I want to say you know what I mean?
Is that weird? No, it's not and you shouldn't change because this is perfect
You get to be yourself and everyone gets to enjoy making fun of you
It's like beautiful. I guess it's a symbiotic relationship. Yeah. Okay. Like nobody wishes you didn't post that. We wish we would do that more often
Okay
All right, this is not talk about my thirst traps or whatever
Um episode 30 is back like june 2023. I don't even actually remember what the clip is
But it says adam finds out something shocking about dax. Do you remember what it was?
Do you have any
It's like if you're any clue
It's like a year ago
Yeah, damn
I can't I can't think of what it would be this for the wikipedia entry
This is the first appearance of lara bars. How did you know how you say that lara bars?
Yeah, lara bar bar bar bar for the first like 20 episodes
If you'd mentioned that I would be like so confusing because I didn't I'd never see
I think I remember tweeting you a photo at cost goes like they have them here now or whatever
And I was like, yeah, this is what you've been talking about. I had no idea what you're talking about. Okay. So this is what's uh adam finds out about dax. Let's see
TV going on all day all day. I have tv
Wait a minute seriously. You didn't know this maybe
No, wait. Hang on wait wait wait wait like cable tv
No, no, no, just like tv shows. I'll have tv shows going like what kind of tv shows
Tell me or what channels that's what I remember from tv is like there's channels. Yeah, what channels are you on?
No one
Okay, so it wasn't that shock
I don't remember being very surprised that dax watch tv it just seems so not dax
Like dax is so like sitting in a corner with a book and like just be wise and typically never read
I like the most not well read person ever
It's just so seems so against your character. I don't know. How do you get so you know what's great
I get this is actually awesome. I get the perception. I get the little benefits from reading
Which is people think I read and i'm smart but i'll actually do the reading which is very boring
It's pretty cool
the tv thing though
Yeah, people always find the shock like I was talking with my team about this because frank and j
Also recently just kind of understood that that i'm always I always have tv going
They found it really weird
So the way I perceive tv because it's all about quantity because I need something that just fills the whole day constantly
Like I love when I find a tv show that I can background and has like
200 episodes because i'm like okay i'm off to look for a new tv show for a whole week
My current thing that i'm watching is a show called below deck, which I actually found out later is more popular than I thought
It's a reality show about people that work on these like super yachts
The ones that are for rent so people will come and rent them for a week and you get like seven star service
Like you can ask for anything and they're supposed to do it
And it's like this reality show about the people that work there and like what goes on behind the scenes
Just super random but now I know so much about
Yachting and boats and like different kinds of knots
Like you're actually different kinds of knots
You're actually like cat you're catching stuff from the show. It's not just in the background like okay
So if I like break this down here's why
This works for me when I work and this has gotten really bad ever since I started doing AWS stuff
There's so much pausing because i'm waiting for a cloud formation or whatever
Oh, yeah, there's moments when I work where there's opportunities for distraction and some waiting for something
There's some kinds of distraction that is like potentially endless and you'll get distracted for where you tended for five minutes
It's only an hour goes by for example like opening twitter
And there's other kinds of distraction that's very easily controlled
So
If I constantly have tv going when i'm waiting for something I just turn my head and then watch the tv
Yeah, and it's not like so engrossing that i'm like gonna forget what I was doing. I could see that
Yeah, but I've also gotten very good at just listening to it on the background and like also
Ingesting i've been doing this for like super long now
I gotta ask if you tried music that's like the typical thing that developers do music works too
I guess you can't really focus on it. I don't ever like
Distract myself with it in fact I still open browser tabs to distract myself while i'm listening to music
Waiting on something so yeah, I get it. Okay. I guess me. It's like a mag is a good channel for my distraction. That is safe
Yeah, no, I get it. Let's see quickly on speaking movies
Our movies good. I think movies are bad now. Okay. First of all, I watch movies all the time
You know, I like just consume a crazy amount of stuff too. Do you see you watch them? I thought you never watch movies
This is like I don't and my wife and I decided last night to watch a movie
Yes, and it was it was just a giant waste of time. What was it like an hour in she was on her phone
I don't know what it was called. It was a it was a netflix movie. It was like, what's the girl?
She's on the office. I think
Unbreakable Kimmy shimmy shimmy shimmy. Yeah, what's her name?
I remember this something she was in it. They went like hiking. This made me sound. I don't know
You watch a movie like once a year and you just chose some random netflix movie
So, okay, here's the thing from my point of view
I've seen a lot of movies
So when I want to watch a movie, it's a struggle because like there's not all the stuff that's really good
I've seen you on the other hand. You haven't seen anything. So you have you have this gift
You have this gift where there's just like thousands of incredible films for you to watch and then
I remember that one. I do remember so then that conversation. I don't have the clip
So we won't go into it, but like the 60 hundred thousand dollar balance system TV
Thing you talk about and I'm just like is there any amount?
Is there a bigger waste of technology on someone who is like
This is where I lose you as a client I guess
I'm gonna burn it down as I go
I've since watched some good movies on the equipment
I mean, I've taken advantage of it a little bit
But mostly just because dax made fun of me. That was a turning point for me
I started filtering my content. Wow saying I'm only gonna consume good stuff
So lives have been changed by the podcast. It really has at least mine. No, but you know what happened that happened and then he was like
Okay, I'm going to watch some good stuff now, but before I watch good stuff. Let me build this like absurd theater in my house
And then I can watch the good stuff of course
You're very close in between. Yeah, yeah trajectory
Got to rebuild my blog. You're like the guy who would go like you're about to go skiing for the first time in your life
So you order like whatever the most expensive best year is
You can show
I hate it. I don't want to be that way, but I am
It's true. Okay one more clip and then uh, we'll run off. I guess but like you're okay
Like my twitter, uh, I've always sounded
Like a jerk in writing versus like if you meet me in person like i'm a mid-westerner. I'm pretty like low
conflict iq
That's classic bags right there
Oh, that's good
Like again now you guys have met was that the first time in Miami you guys actually met in person?
Or was there something before that we met in re-advent in las vegas
Yeah, that's first time. Okay, which episode was that was that we met three times total super early was from no
That clip was from the 70s somewhere
I forgot a lot of here the going back to the character versus reality question
And this is often podcasters how they work like you definitely have a persona when you're recording a conversation with somebody
That you know someone else is gonna list or you can have a persona
So is the jerk on the podcast the reality or which where's reality if I if I was to interview your your wife
Let's say this is for both of you actually yeah your wives
About you and the version they hear on the podcast would they be like that's like divorced from reality?
Yeah, no
Somewhere in the mix
Casey actually wanted to come on
Soon to do this same thing when I told her what we were doing with you
She's like i'd like to have some commentary on things you've said that you just forgot
Like i'll say something like I just learned this and she's like no you've learned that like three years ago
So there's definitely like parts of me that are way more overdramatic
And that's what she would say is just i'm like i'm more dramatic, but it's mostly it's me. I think it's me
Dax. I think for me. There's no difference. I think this is literally how I am
I actually agree. I agree 100. This is how you are. I've been around you enough now
There's always looking for the opportunity to make fun and i've been very consistent in that across all mediums
So yeah, it's true twitter
Twitch all of it. Yeah, the podcast
It's true. Yeah, I mean the comment list had the other day and we replied to something and she was like for her
It's frustrating to listen to the podcast because
Uh one is extremely boring because i'm like rehashing things that i've talked to her about
It's like i've heard people say that about our podcast too. It's i don't know
Yeah, but i like refined something with her and then
I like present it in a more polished way in the podcast. So it's kind of boring or she'll want to interject and be like
Yeah, actually Dax is saying this wrong or like she has a thought and it just she just doesn't listen
For that reason. Yeah, that's kacie
She said the same thing that she just can't because she drives her crazy
She just wants to like correct things i say that i misrepresent or things i forgot or i lie about or whatever
She's just like screaming at the podcast like no, don't say that you said this
Yeah, she can't she can't i feel watching you on twitch also watching
I maybe i am just an actor maybe i'm just pretending to be something i'm not your ei
Maybe i'm not sure
It's possible that the real adam has put on the podcast right now to make us think have you guys seen x machina?
No, it's on my list though. Me too. It's on my list. Yeah
I just can't even tell us antidote now. I'm like something this movie is very old people
I'm ashamed that i haven't seen it yet. I i'm ashamed for you chris canadians
It's a good movie. I think it's a little overrated but it's it's worth watching okay kryptic tweets
One question kryptic that's out of dax sorry dax is the one with kryptic tweets that adam
There's recurring segment adam asking dax about tweets. So i put a thing in the chat
Dax replied to something i was like trying to channel my best dax tweets
style tweet about like
I forget what my original tweet was something about like mocking programmers who are complaining about using too many video editors or something like that
Or i can't remember what this thing was. I was trying to like be a little bit snarky because my persona on twitter is definitely like
I'm friendly, but i'm a little bit sarcastic, but not never mean or whatever
Yeah, and dax like the only person who replied to it was dax. He just said wtf
And like i literally sat there for like this is again i guess putting to the uh wisdom or whatever of dax's like sharp thing
He's just like i don't know how much thought you gave to that but it was like i sat for like 20 minutes like
Did i just piss him off so badly and i don't even i wasn't even thinking of him at all
And i was like do i like
It's kind of when it was crisis of like did i just lose my client
And i like
Through that to like oh no that's just his let's just make that
Oh, I literally thought you were making a joke about our coffee thing
Because you were like
Sometimes the cool kids are software developers who really need their interface to be difficult or to use your counterintuitive
I'm like oh that sounds like terminal
This is a really good example though
Just text communication is not the best yeah impossible in my head like this is so clear like this is so clear
Obviously i'm like acting really offended about this
That's the only reason i needed to come here so i'm good now
You're not going anywhere chris another hundred episodes you're not losing any client
Uh, this was fun. It's fun. It's fun to do this podcast hundred episodes. Thanks for listening everybody. Yeah, congratulations
We gotta get off here so dax and i'll call and i can pee. Yeah, i gotta go. All right. All right. See you
Bye